Deloitte & Touche LLP   - March 21, 2024

Deloitte & Touche LLP, PCAOB Release No. 104-2024-055, March 21, 2024 | 5PART I: INSPECTION OBSERVATIONS 
Part I.A of our report discusses deficiencies, if any, that were of such significance that we believe the 
firm, (1) at the time it issued its audit report(s), had not obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence 
to support its opinion(s) on the issuer’s financial statements and/or ICFR or (2) in audit(s) in which it was 
not the principal auditor, had not obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence to fulfill the objectives 
of its role in the audit.  
Part I.B discusses certain deficiencies, if any, that relate to instances of non-compliance with PCAOB 
standards or rules other than those where the firm had not obtained sufficient appropriate audit 
evidence to support its opinion(s) or fulfill the objectives of its role in the audit(s). This section does not 
discuss instances of potential non-compliance with SEC rules or instances of non-compliance with 
PCAOB rules related to maintaining independence. 
Part I.C discusses instances of potential non-compliance with SEC rules or instances of non-compliance 
with PCAOB rules, if any, related to maintaining independence.   
Consistent with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (“Act”), it is the Board’s assessment that nothing in Part I of this 
report deals with a criticism of, or potential defect in, the firm’s quality control system. We discuss any 
such criticisms or potential defects in Part II. Further, you should not infer from any Part I deficiency, or 
combination of deficiencies, that we identified a quality control finding in Part II. Section 104(g)(2) of the 
Act restricts us from publicly disclosing Part II deficiencies unless the firm does not address the criticisms 
or potential defects to the Board’s satisfaction no later than 12 months after the issuance of this report.  
PART I.A: AUDITS WITH UNSUPPORTED OPINIONS 
In the 2023 inspection, we did not identify any deficiencies that were of such significance that we 
believe the firm, (1) at the time it issued its audit report, had not obtained sufficient appropriate audit 
evidence to support its opinion on the issuer’s financial statements or (2) in audit(s) in which it was not 
the principal auditor, had not obtained sufficient appropriate audit evidence to fulfill the objectives of 
its role in the audit. 
PART I.B: OTHER INSTANCES OF NON-COMPLIANCE WITH 
PCAOB STANDARDS OR RULES 
In the 2023 inspection, we did not identify any deficiencies related to other instances of non-compliance 
with PCAOB standards or rules. 
PART I.C: INDEPENDENCE 
This section of our report discusses instances of potential non-compliance with SEC rules or instances of 
non-compliance with PCAOB rules related to maintaining independence. An instance of potential non-
compliance with SEC rules or an instance of non-compliance with PCAOB rules does not necessarily 
mean that the Board has concluded the firm was not objective and impartial throughout the audit and 

